This is a Japanese doll.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
A glittering gem is not enough.
Mary plays the piano.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
The river stole the gods.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
Hurry!
Two seats were vacant.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
Christmas is coming.
The old apple revels in its authority.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
Please wait outside of the house.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
The stranger officiates the meal.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Is it free?
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
We have a lot of rain in June.
I want more detailed information.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
Wow, does that work?
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
Where do random thoughts come from?
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
She was too short to see over the fence.
She did her best to help him.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
The lake is a long way from here.
She advised him to come back at once.
Let me help you with your baggage.
How was the math test?
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
We need to rent a room for our party.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
I am never at home on Sundays.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
Don't step on the broken glass.
The book is in front of the table.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.